Common Commands

View Directories: ls

The ls (LiSt) lists files in different colors with full formatted text

Create Directories: mkdir (directory name)

The mkdir (MaKeDIRectory) command will create a directory.

Change Directories: cd (/directory/location)

The cd (ChangeDirectory) command will change from your current directory to any directory you specify.

Copy Files/Directories: cp (file or directory name) (to directory or filename)

The cp (CoPy) command will copy any files you specify. The cp -r command will copy any directories you specify.

Remove Files/Directories: rm (file or directory name)

The rm (ReMove) command will delete any filename you specify. The rm -r command will remove any directory you specify.

Rename Files/Directories: mv (file or directory name)

The mv (MoVe) command will rename/move any file or directory you specify.

Find Files/Directories: locate (file or directory name)

to go back to previous directory: cd ..(cd [space] ..)

just for extra information

source from http://linux.about.com/od/ubuntu_doc/a/ubudg24t7.htm



Use the Menu
We recommend reading this tutorial, in the sequence listed in the menu.

If you have a large screen, the menu will always be present on the left.

If you have a small screen, open the menu by clicking the top menu sign ☰.

CSS Templates
We have created some responsive W3.CSS templates for you to use.

You are free to modify, save, share, and use them in all your projects.





The HTML Certificate documents your knowledge of HTML.

The CSS Certificate documents your knowledge of advanced CSS.

The JavaScript Certificate documents your knowledge of JavaScript and HTML DOM.

The Python Certificate documents your knowledge of Python.

The Data Science Certificate documents your knowledge in Data Science.

The jQuery Certificate documents your knowledge of jQuery.

The SQL Certificate documents your knowledge of SQL.

The PHP Certificate documents your knowledge of PHP and MySQL.

The Java Certificate documents your knowledge of Java.

The XML Certificate documents your knowledge of XML, XML DOM and XSLT.

The Bootstrap Certificate documents your knowledge of the Bootstrap framework.



Solo una 4 edicion más mediante git

